docs: add feature guides for subscriptions and notifications (#9122)
datahub-project/datahub: docs/managed-datahub/subscription-and-notification.md

import FeatureAvailability from '@site/src/components/FeatureAvailability';

# Subscriptions & Notifications

<FeatureAvailability saasOnly />

> DataHub's Subscriptions and Notifications feature gives you real-time change alerts on data assets of your choice.

Reviewer: not 100% sure how to message these - technically they aren't available in OSS datahub, but we also use "datahub" as a catch-all term for the overall platform so it might be ok

```suggestion
Acryl Cloud's Subscriptions and Notifications feature gives you real-time change alerts on data assets of your choice.
```

With this feature, you can set up subscriptions to specific changes for an Entity – and DataHub will notify you when those changes happen. Currently, DataHub supports notifications on Slack, with support for Microsoft Teams and email subscriptions forthcoming.

<p align="center">

>   <img width="70%"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/datahub-project/static-assets/main/imgs/saas/subscription-and-notification/s_n-user-notifications-in-slack.png"/>

Reviewer: image link is broken
